README.md, before:

# Sorcery-of-SDL
C port of Sorcery of Uvutu using SDL. It's crazy. When I'm done, hopefully you can play.

# > Legal Stuff <
The font file used is a slightly modified version of a font that is © 2016 VileR,
and his fonts are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

The font file used in this project is © 2017 TildaCubed,
and is also licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Link to this license: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
Link to the fonts I used: https://int10h.org/oldschool-pc-fonts/

TL;DR version (which is not a substitute for the license):

* You may freely share and alter the font for any purpose

* You must give appropriate credit (which includes the author's name and a link to the original material)

* If you distribute your own adaptations, do so under a compatible license

* No warranties are given - whatever you do, I will not be held liable

(and yes, I stole the TL;DR version from the font pack readme)

Commit message:

Updated MD file with new readme changes

README.md, after:

# Sorcery-of-SDL
C port of Sorcery of Uvutu using SDL. It's crazy. When I'm done, hopefully you can play.

# > Building / Running < (Beta)
To build on Windows, first:
Unzip this file.
Use a Command Prompt window to navigate to the location you just unzipped to, and if you're on Windows,
run a_WindowsBuild.bat. If you're on Linux, run a_LinuxBuild.sh. To run on Windows, you can double
click on the .exe file you just built or the shortcut on the Desktop. To run on Linux, you can execute
the file you made, or type in sourun in bash from anywhere and it'll launch.

# > Legal Stuff <
The font file used is a slightly modified version of a font that is © 2016 VileR,
and his fonts are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

The font file used in this project is © 2017 TildaCubed,
and is also licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Link to this license: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
Link to the fonts I used: https://int10h.org/oldschool-pc-fonts/

TL;DR version (which is not a substitute for the license):

* You may freely share and alter the font for any purpose

* You must give appropriate credit (which includes the author's name and a link to the original material)

* If you distribute your own adaptations, do so under a compatible license

* No warranties are given - whatever you do, I will not be held liable

(and yes, I stole the TL;DR version from the font pack readme)
